---
title: ICONSET Release Notes
date: 2025-04-17 15:00:00
updated: 2025-04-18 07:00:00
kbdate: KB250423940
mermaid: false
mathjax: false
---

## Summary

[ICONSET][p_iconset] is a simple placeholder icon set generator web app. This app is designed for desktop devices.

## Introduction

The purpose of [ICONSET][p_iconset] is to provide a simple, compact web application for generating 
a placeholder icon set within a few clicks.

It can create round or square icons of any color. 

Many sizes are added to each icon set, in addition to a 16x16 favicon.

Every icon set is saved within a folder called `icons` and exported as a single zip archive.

ICONSET can also be installed for offline use.

This app is designed for desktop devices.


## Version 1.5

  + ICONSET now works offline.
  + Round icons now include round favicons.
  + You can now choose colors by clicking preview icon.
  + Podcast icons (1400px and 3000px) added to the icon set.
  + ICONSET may now be (optionally) installed Chromebooks.

## Known Issues 
  + iOS users with Lockdown Mode enabled are experiencing difficulty downloading the zip file; the zip file may be downloaded on some devices by disabling page-specific lockdown settings, but the zip file is still renamed `unknown.zip`  (since v1.5)

## More information

### Sample Deliverables


### Zip file archive


The zip file archive filename contains the hexadecimal triplet (e.g., `motetpaper-iconset-ff00ff.zip`).


### Icon sizes

The set of placeholder icons are placed in the `icons` folder.

The directory structure is shown below:

```
icons
├── favicon.ico
├── icon1024.png
├── icon114.png
├── icon120.png
├── icon128.png
├── icon1400.png
├── icon152.png
├── icon167.png
├── icon16.png
├── icon180.png
├── icon2048.png
├── icon216.png
├── icon256.png
├── icon3000.png
├── icon32.png
├── icon48.png
├── icon512.png
├── icon58.png
├── icon64.png
├── icon76.png
├── icon80.png
├── icon88.png
└── icon96.png
```

### Sample App Workflow

  1. Click the dropdown menu to round icon or square icon.
  2. Click on the preview icon to choose a color.
  3. Click the `Make ICONSET` button to export the zip file.

[p_iconset]: https://motetpaper.github.io/iconset/
